com/example/android/beamlargefiles/databinding/ListItemBinding.java
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.databinding.ListItemBinding
com/example/android/beamlargefiles/utils/DatabaseHandler.java
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.utils.DatabaseHandler
com/example/android/common/activities/SampleActivityBase.java
 com.example.android.common.activities.SampleActivityBase
com/example/android/beamlargefiles/adapter/MyListAdapter.java
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.adapter.MyListAdapter
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.adapter.MyListAdapter$ItemClickListener
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.adapter.MyListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/android/beamlargefiles/activity/ViewTransactionDetailsActivity.java
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.activity.ViewTransactionDetailsActivity
com/example/android/beamlargefiles/models/HistoryListItem.java
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.models.HistoryListItem
com/example/android/common/logger/LogWrapper.java
 com.example.android.common.logger.LogWrapper
com/example/android/common/logger/MessageOnlyLogFilter.java
 com.example.android.common.logger.MessageOnlyLogFilter
com/example/android/beamlargefiles/databinding/ExportpopupBinding.java
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.databinding.ExportpopupBinding
com/example/android/common/logger/LogNode.java
 com.example.android.common.logger.LogNode
com/example/android/beamlargefiles/models/Contact.java
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.models.Contact
com/example/android/beamlargefiles/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.BuildConfig
com/example/android/common/logger/Log.java
 com.example.android.common.logger.Log
com/example/android/common/assetprovider/AssetProvider.java
 com.example.android.common.assetprovider.AssetProvider
com/example/android/common/logger/LogView.java
 com.example.android.common.logger.LogView
 com.example.android.common.logger.LogView$1
com/example/android/beamlargefiles/databinding/CustomPopup2Binding.java
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.databinding.CustomPopup2Binding
com/example/android/beamlargefiles/databinding/CustomviewBinding.java
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.databinding.CustomviewBinding
com/example/android/beamlargefiles/databinding/ActivityViewTransactionHistoryBinding.java
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.databinding.ActivityViewTransactionHistoryBinding
com/example/android/beamlargefiles/adapter/HistoryListItemAdapter.java
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.adapter.HistoryListItemAdapter
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.adapter.HistoryListItemAdapter$ItemClickListener
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.adapter.HistoryListItemAdapter$ItemClickListener2
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.adapter.HistoryListItemAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/android/common/logger/LogFragment.java
 com.example.android.common.logger.LogFragment
 com.example.android.common.logger.LogFragment$1
com/example/android/beamlargefiles/databinding/ActivityDashbordBinding.java
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.databinding.ActivityDashbordBinding
com/example/android/beamlargefiles/databinding/ActivityViewTransactionDetailsBinding.java
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.databinding.ActivityViewTransactionDetailsBinding
com/example/android/beamlargefiles/activity/ViewTransactionHistoryActivity.java
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.activity.ViewTransactionHistoryActivity
com/example/android/beamlargefiles/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/example/android/beamlargefiles/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/android/beamlargefiles/databinding/CustomPopupBinding.java
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.databinding.CustomPopupBinding
com/example/android/beamlargefiles/activity/DashbordActivity.java
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.activity.DashbordActivity
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.activity.DashbordActivity$1
com/example/android/beamlargefiles/databinding/HistoryListItemBinding.java
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.databinding.HistoryListItemBinding
com/example/android/beamlargefiles/singleton/SingletonClass.java
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.singleton.SingletonClass
com/example/android/beamlargefiles/activity/SplashActivity.java
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.activity.SplashActivity
com/example/android/beamlargefiles/activity/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.activity.LoginActivity
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.activity.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.android.beamlargefiles.activity.LoginActivity$2
